Stage 1: The layout seems quite simple, there is one platform made out of little blocks evenly spaced
out, some staris to get to the platform, and a second platform jus above the floor with again, evenly
spaced out blocks just wide enough that the player doesn't get stuck in the holes but the small balls do.
Two big balloons are placed one on each side of the level. Animal spawn is greatly reduced if not 0 but the
most anoying thing of this level is when the items fall through the "floor platform" and the player walks
over all the power-ups on the floor. The only solution is getting them before they fall down.

Stage 2: In this level the layout is quite curious because it has three blocks around the half of the
screen height and nine crystal blocks; one right on top of where the player spawns and 4 on each side of
the center of the screen making a cage-like shape. Two balloons are spawned on this level, one big balloon
is one the right of the cage and the other (a size lower balloon) inside the cage. Here, the animal spam
is quite noticeable since once the crystal blocks have been destroyed there is a lot more space in the room.

Stage 3: The layout here is the most intimidating thing of this level since it's quite complex for how much
the player has to move around. There are 6 stairs placed in very specific positions to allow you to get to
the top right corner of the screen where there is a small balloon caged (same concept as the level before)
by a crystal block and a normal one. On the bottom right there are some stairs and two blocks (one on top of
the stairs and one on the right) to block you off there since it's the place where you will have to shoot to
get the small balloon on the top. On the right side of the screen there are, from bottom to top, one large
block just above the floor to block the player off, some big stairs to get almost to the top of the screen.
On the left of the stairs there is a little "pocket" to make the balloons bounce to the right (thus making
more dificult to get to the top). Once the player is on the top of the stairs, there is a block making a
platform for the player to get to other stairs (placed almost out of reach) that once the player is on top,
finds another platform. On the other side of the platform (to the left), there are some tiny stairs placed,
again, almost out of reach of the player from the platform. If the player gets on top of these stairs, the
player will be able to get to a platform part block part snowy-block which from here the player will be able
to shoot the crystal block and destroy the small balloon. The animals are carefully placed in order to annoy
the player the most since it has a lot of things to take into account in order to pass this level.

Athens big difficulty is on the 3rd stage since there is a lot of skill needed to succeed in this level though
the 1st stage does require some skill for the loss of power-ups if they get to the floor. The 2nd one is
obviously the easiest of the three since the major difficulty are the animals.